baylor-physics-dissertation
================

Template for creating a Dissertation/Thesis with LaTeX for a Ph.D. in Physics at Baylor University.
- This template was originally used to create a Thesis for a Master of Computer Science, which is why the name Thesis often appears instead of Dissertation.
- The template is being ported over for use for Physics Ph.D. Dissertations.

## Setup
This is a template repository.
To use this repository as a starting point for a Dissertation/Thesis, click the green "Use this template" button and create a new private repository.
The new repository should have the same directory structure and files, but will only have one initial commit.

## FAQ

* I'm doing "A Thesis", not "A Dissertation"; how do I change the autogenerated title?
  * Change `\project{A Dissertation}` to `\project{A Thesis}` in thesis.tex.
* I have a "Thesis Committee", not a "Dissertation Committee"; how do I change the autogenerated title?
  * Change `\committee{Dissertation Committee}` to `\committee{Thesis Committee}` in thesis.tex.
* I want to shorten authors to 'Author et al.' when there are more than two, how?
  * This template now uses the style package IEEEtranBaylorPhys, which is based on IEEEtran and modified by Kenichi Hatakeyama. More info at https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/67444/doi-in-ieeetran-bibliography
  * This template previously used the style package "chicago", which does that by _\shortcite_. More info at http://ctan.math.washington.edu/tex-archive/biblio/bibtex/contrib/chicago/chicago.sty
* My links to chapters and sections are not clickable, why?
  * This issue was solved by adding \usepackage{hyperref}. However, that caused problems with appendicies. Adding \appendix before actually including them seem to solve the issue.
* How do I get rid of the red boxes on my table of contents links as required by Baylor?
  * Use `\usepackage[hyperfootnotes=false, hidelinks=true]{hyperref}`
  * See tip here: https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/823/remove-ugly-borders-around-clickable-cross-references-and-hyperlinks
  * The real question is why are these boxes there by default...
